README.md, before:

# Freight: A Custom CSGO 5v5 Defusal Map 

<br>

## Summary
 - This map takes place on an abandoned ship yard, full of empty freight containers stacked several high, forming large valleys with only two large cranes poking above the looming walls of containers.  
 - Both sites for this map are centered around these two cranes which make for interesting site layouts, as well as making navigating to both sites intuitive from nearly anywhere on the map by just looking up. 
 - The true uniqueness of this map comes from the abnormally high number of different paths to and from each site. 
   - This can easily become unwieldy, making it nearly impossible to predict how the enemy will arrive at the site, thus making defending the sites a nightmare to defend against.
   - To balance this, there is an explicit risk vs reward for each pathway.
 - This project has been inactive on the backburner for about a year, but will be picked back up during spring of '22.    
 - Thank you to my pal KJ for all the help with both guiding the artistic vision and tweaking the layout of the map, as well play testing and then helping decide what to revise afterwards.
<br>

## Image Gallery

### Placeholder Image (This is the image's caption
/label)
![Please end my suffering... (This is the image's alt text)](https://github.com/a-dubs/github-project-template/blob/master/image_gallery/Please%20replace%20me%20I%20am%20begging%20you.jpg)
<br>

<!-- 
### (This is the image's caption/label)
![(This is the image's alt text)](full_http_path_to_image)
<br> 
-->

<br>

## Project Metadata

**Project Status** : Inactive   
**Project Progress** : Functional

**Project Dates** :

Commit message:

v0.3.0 added image gallery to readme

README.md, after:

# Freight: A Custom CSGO 5v5 Defusal Map 
Map That I Built From Scratch for Counter-Strike Global Offensive

<br>

## Summary
 - This map takes place on an abandoned ship yard, full of empty freight containers stacked several high, forming large valleys with only two large cranes poking above the looming walls of containers.  
 - Both sites for this map are centered around these two cranes which make for interesting site layouts, as well as making navigating to both sites intuitive from nearly anywhere on the map by just looking up. 
 - The true uniqueness of this map comes from the abnormally high number of different paths to and from each site. 
   - This can easily become unwieldy, making it nearly impossible to predict how the enemy will arrive at the site, thus making defending the sites a nightmare to defend against.
   - To balance this, there is an explicit risk vs reward for each pathway.
 - This project has been inactive on the backburner for about a year, but will be picked back up during spring of '22.    
 - Thank you to my pal KJ for all the help with both guiding the artistic vision and tweaking the layout of the map, as well play testing and then helping decide what to revise afterwards.
<br>

## Image Gallery

### 2nd Mid - Connecting T-Spawn & Mid to A-Site
![2nd mid](https://github.com/a-dubs/github-project-template/blob/master/image_gallery/2nd_mid.jpg)

<br>

### T-Side View of Mid 
![t-side mid](https://github.com/a-dubs/github-project-template/blob/master/image_gallery/t_mid.jpg)

<br>

### Side View of A-Site
![a-site](https://github.com/a-dubs/github-project-template/blob/master/image_gallery/a_site.jpg)

<br>

### B-Site 
![b-site](https://github.com/a-dubs/github-project-template/blob/master/image_gallery/b_site.jpg)

<br>

### T-Side of B Mid (Area before B-Site)
![t_side_b_mid](https://github.com/a-dubs/github-project-template/blob/master/image_gallery/t_side_b_mid.jpg)

<br>


<br>

<!-- 
### (This is the image's caption/label)
![(This is the image's alt text)](full_http_path_to_image)
<br> 
-->

<br>

## Project Metadata

**Project Status** : Inactive   
**Project Progress** : Functional

**Project Dates** :
